c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Transit.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Transit.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\obj\Debug\Transit.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\obj\Debug\Transit.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\obj\Debug\Transit.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\NLog.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Raven.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Raven.Client.Lightweight.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\NLog.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Raven.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Raven.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Raven.Client.Lightweight.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Raven.Client.Lightweight.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Transit.Data.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Transit.Data.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\SimpleInjector.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Transit.Web.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\Transit.Web.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\SimpleInjector.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.xml
