c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\obj\Debug\Transit.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Transit.Web.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Transit.Web.pdb
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.pdb
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.pdb
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\obj\Debug\Transit.Web.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\obj\Debug\Transit.Web.pdb
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Transit.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Transit.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Transit.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Transit.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Transit.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Transit.Infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\obj\Debug\Transit.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\obj\Debug\Transit.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Web\obj\Debug\Transit.Web.pdb
