c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Tests.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Tests.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\obj\Debug\Transit.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\obj\Debug\Transit.Tests.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\obj\Debug\Transit.Tests.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Web.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Web.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Transit\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Studio.xap
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Esent.Interop.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\GeoAPI.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Spatial.NTS.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\PowerCollections.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Backup.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Embedded.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Database.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Smuggler.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Spatial4n.Core.NTS.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Service.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Esent.Interop.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Esent.Interop.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Spatial.NTS.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Spatial.NTS.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Backup.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Embedded.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Database.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Raven.Smuggler.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Spatial4n.Core.NTS.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Spatial4n.Core.NTS.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Service.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\bin\Debug\Transit.Infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\obj\Debug\Transit.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\obj\Debug\Transit.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\transit\src\Transit.Tests\obj\Debug\Transit.Tests.pdb
